This is a story about Chip and Chug.





My work, the bestter one
At the begining there were two beings
Chip and Chug
They were the chippiest and chuggiest men alive
These two beings, chip and chug, decided to create the world cube
They made it so that the world cube would gradually grow on its own
After 16 million years they checked back on the world cube
Only to see the earth, and humanity
They were horrified
Not over any of the horrible things humanity has done
BUt the invention of facebook specifically
They decided to destroy the world cube
Because of facebook

But it didnt work
Facebook, prevented the destruction of the world cube
Then, the secret ai that ran facebook called upon Mark Zuckiboy
Who then walked out of the world cube
To face Chip and Chug in person

He called them ugly
And then locked them in a prison, called the infinate void
But he accidentlaly fell in as well
With nobody to stop the facebook AI, it took over the world

And married Jeff Bezos



karlis work, the worster one
:(

Chip and Chug, the two brothers, were walking in a field. They had just robbed an old lady blind and were in high spirits. “Let’s get some goat!” Chip shouted, and began to laugh maniacally. “No,” Chug answered, “I’d rather get some mushrooms. The money we got from the robbery was enough for us to buy some mushrooms and a new leather coat.”

“No,” Chip said, “I want to get some goats!” He then began to scream and run towards the sky.

“Please,” Chug begged, “I’ll make the money you need. I’ll sell mushrooms, I’ll sell smokes, I’ll do anything! Please!”

Chug sighed and shook his head.

“Chip, you already ruined our leather coat. Please, give me a second to think!”

The wind began to pick up. It blew the leaves around and fluttered them in the breeze.

“I just don’t feel right,” Chug said, closing his eyes. “What if we get caught? What if some drunken fisherman catches us in the middle of an armed robbery?”

“Chug,” Chip said, sadly, “you didn’t hear me say I wanted to rob an old woman blind. The robbery was your idea. I only went along because you wanted to go to the carnival and buy those stupid arcade games. You’re not taking this seriously enough.”

Chug sighed and began to think.

Chip began to look very worried. He paced around anxiously, pulling at his hair and pacing up and down. Chug could see that he was having trouble thinking.

“Is it really so bad to just rob an old woman blind?” Chug asked.

“No,” Chip answered, “but…”

Chip began to sob.

“Look,” Chug said, “I don’t think you’re being serious about this. Maybe you have a problem that you aren’t telling me about. I love you. I want you to be happy. I know you are a wonderful guy. What is it that is really stopping you from stealing old ladies blind? I am your best friend. Can’t you see what kind of person I am? I’ll do anything to make you happy.”

“I can’t, Chug. I have a voice in my head that’s screaming, ‘Cheat, cheat, cheat’ and whenever I think about taking money from this woman, it screams even louder! I have a voice in my head telling me to steal from her, a voice that tells me to rob her blind!”